feat(run): add mode command arg (#69)
CodSpeedHQ/runner: README.md

```bash
CODSPEED_LOG=debug codspeed run ...
```

### Changing the mode of the runner

By default, the runner will run the benchmark in the `instrumentation` mode. You can specify the mode with the `--mode` flag of the `run` command:

```bash
# Run in the `instrumentation` mode
codspeed run --mode instrumentation <my-benchmark-command>

# Run in the `walltime` mode
codspeed run --mode walltime <my-benchmark-command>
```

> [!WARNING]
> We strongly recommend not changing this mode unless you know what you are doing.

> > Using the `walltime` mode on machines not provided and managed by CodSpeed will lead to inconsistent results, as the machine will not have the necessary configurations and resources for accurate measurements.
> > Check out the [Walltime Instrument Documentation](https://docs.codspeed.io/instruments/walltime/) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Using the `walltime` mode on traditional VMs/Hosted Runners will lead to inconsistent data. We recommend using CodSpeed Hosted Macro Runners for the best results, which are fine-tuned for performance measurement consistency.
> Check out the [Walltime Instrument Documentation](https://docs.codspeed.io/instruments/walltime/) for more details.
```

WDYT?
